docs/atmosphere_view.md, before:

# Atmosphere View

<img src='images/familyphoto-atmosphere.jpg' alt='Alexa Devices Family | Atmosphere' />

## Overview

Shown when the user requests information about a planet's atmosphere. Using periodic-table-esque graphics to represent atmospheric elements and text to describe actual percentages. The layout changes drastically on larger screens.

### Layout Notes

New layouts were created for the element tiles on hubs, using `Frames`, `Text` and `Images` to achieve the design. Text is styled using the alexa-styles package.

## Layout

- [/lambda/custom/documents/atmosphere.js](../lambda/custom/documents/atmosphere.js)

## External Packages Used

- alexa-styles
- alexa-layouts

## Components Used

- Container
- Frame
- Text
- Image
- Sequence
- alexa-layouts:AlexaHeader
- alexa-layouts:AlexaFooter

## Variations

### **Extra Large TV**

Because of the larger screen size, the layout is completely changed, using a vertical list to display the element names and proportions. Each list item consists of a Frame for the color and Text for the name and percentage. The donut graph is an image, at this time, but will be converted to APL when the features are available.

### **Small Hubs**

To maintain readability, each element has been moved to its own page in a Pager.

Commit message:

Latest updates with Video, Animations, ARL, AVG for 1.1 and Checkers

docs/atmosphere_view.md, after:

# Atmosphere View

<img src='images/familyphoto-atmosphere.jpg' alt='Alexa Devices Family | Atmosphere' />

## Overview

Shown when the user requests information about a planet's atmosphere. Using periodic-table-esque graphics to represent atmospheric elements and text to describe actual percentages. The layout changes drastically on larger screens.

### Updates

Staggered animations were added that uses the document's `onMount` field to trigger when the page loads. The PNGs used in the TV views were replaced with Alexa Vector Graphics.

### Layout Notes

New layouts were created for the element tiles on hubs, using `Frames`, `Text` and `Images` to achieve the design. Text is styled using the alexa-styles package.

## Layout

- [/lambda/custom/documents/atmosphere.js](../lambda/custom/documents/atmosphere.js)

## External Packages Used

- alexa-styles
- alexa-layouts

## Components Used

- Container
- Frame
- Text
- Image
- Sequence
- alexa-layouts:AlexaHeader
- alexa-layouts:AlexaFooter

## Variations

### **Extra Large TV**

Because of the larger screen size, the layout is completely changed, using a vertical list to display the element names and proportions. Each list item consists of a Frame for the color and Text for the name and percentage. The donut graph is an image, at this time, but will be converted to APL when the features are available.

### **Small Hubs**

To maintain readability, each element has been moved to its own page in a Pager.
