docs/size_view.md, before:

# Size View Readme

<img src='images/familyphoto-size.jpg' alt='Alexa Devices Family | Size' />

## Overview

This is a comparison view for planet size. `Text` callouts feature relevant information, while `Frames` create graphical representations of size differences.

### Layout Notes

- The size comparison graphic is created using `Frames` and programmatically determined zIndex and relative sizes.
- Within the footer, a `textToHint` transform is used to create a Hint, which adds the user-defined wake word to a provided string. This is then supplied to the `AlexaFooter`'s `footerHint`\* _property_.\*

## Layout

- [/lambda/custom/documents/size.js](../lambda/custom/documents/size.js)

## External Packages Used

- alexa-layouts
- alexa-styles

## Components Used

- Text
- Frame
- Image
- Container
- Pager
- alexa-layouts:AlexaHeader
- alexa-layouts:AlexaFooter

## Variations

### **Extra Large TV/Medium and Large Hubs**

The layout is the same for these devices, with the exception of medium hub dropping some text for size issues.

### **Small Hubs**

The layout is converted to a `Pager`, with callout information on one page and programmatically generated `Frames` on the other.

Commit message:

Latest updates with Video, Animations, ARL, AVG for 1.1 and Checkers

docs/size_view.md, after:

# Size View Readme

<img src='images/familyphoto-size.jpg' alt='Alexa Devices Family | Size' />

## Overview

This is a comparison view for planet size. `Text` callouts feature relevant information, while `Frames` create graphical representations of size differences.

### Updates

Staggered animations were added that uses the document's `onMount` field to trigger when the page loads.

### Layout Notes

- The size comparison graphic is created using `Frames` and programmatically determined zIndex and relative sizes.
- Within the footer, a `textToHint` transform is used to create a Hint, which adds the user-defined wake word to a provided string. This is then supplied to the `AlexaFooter`'s `footerHint`\* _property_.\*

## Layout

- [/lambda/custom/documents/size.js](../lambda/custom/documents/size.js)

## External Packages Used

- alexa-layouts
- alexa-styles

## Components Used

- Text
- Frame
- Image
- Container
- Pager
- alexa-layouts:AlexaHeader
- alexa-layouts:AlexaFooter

## Variations

### **Extra Large TV/Medium and Large Hubs**

The layout is the same for these devices, with the exception of medium hub dropping some text for size issues.

### **Small Round Hubs**

The layout is converted to a `Pager`, with callout information on one page and programmatically generated `Frames` on the other. The `onPageChanged` event is used to add a transition animation to the page elements.
